# Return Pick-up and Self-Ship Guidelines

Return Pick-up and Self-Ship Guidelines
Book Amazon return pickups or choose self-ship option. Track returns and get step-by-step
            guidance
To access in your preferred language, locate the country flag on top banner and use
                     the drop down to select the language.
Table of Contents
Return Pickup
Return Pickup Issues
Self-Ship Guidelines
To check the status of your returns, go to Your Orders.
Your Orders
To schedule a return, visit the
How to Schedule a Return
help page to know more.
Return Pickup
Return pick-up is available for eligible pick-up addresses and items, provided there
                  are no shipping restrictions.
Products can only be returned within their return window. Refer to
Amazon.in Returns Policy
to learn more about return window
In case pick-up is not available, self-ship option will be automatically selected.
                  Read the section below on Self-Ship Guidelines for more details.

Read the section below on Self-Ship Guidelines for more details.
A refund will be issued to your original payment method, in accordance with
Amazon.in refund policy
.
To ensure a successful Return Pick-up:
Return the item and all accessories in original condition with brand/manufacturer
                  box
Keep the MRP tag intact
Return the user manual, warranty card and all other documents provided with the item
Select the graphic to go to the Returns Centre
Please refer to the following points before raising a return pickup.
Return Pick-up will be attempted by agents between 7AM to 10PM on the scheduled date.
If in case pick-up is not completed on the scheduled day, it’ll be attempted again
                        on the next day
Certain couriers might require a return label which can be generated in the
Returns Centre
.
A return will not be processed if the pick-up is cancelled due to missing or damaged

Returns Centre
.
A return will not be processed if the pick-up is cancelled due to missing or damaged
                        item or its accessories (caused while in your possession).
Amazon cannot reschedule pick-up for a Third-party (Marketplace) seller. However,
                        the third-party seller usually will fulfil the return pick-up within the 10 days window.
                        Refer to
Contact a Marketplace Seller
Help page to contact a Third-party seller
Return cannot be picked from a new pick-up address different from the city to which
                        the product was delivered.
If you have received a damaged, defective or wrong product, refer to the
Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product FAQs
for further guidance.
If you face any issues while raising a return pick-up request, refer to
Return Pick-up Issues
Help page for guidance and next steps.
Return Pickup Issues
A Return pick-up can fail due to various reasons such as:
Customer not available

Help page for guidance and next steps.
Return Pickup Issues
A Return pick-up can fail due to various reasons such as:
Customer not available
Verification failed
Return pickup cancelled
In case you were not available during the chosen Return pick-up slot, the Delivery
                  agent will try up to 3 reschedule attempts after calling and confirming with you.
                  After 3 failed attempts, the pick-up will be cancelled.
Delivery agent will check the product during the pickup. If the verification fails,
                  because the product is not in it's original state (has been used, missing original
                  tags etc.,) the delivery agent may cancel the pick-up.
At times the pick-up attempt may be automatically cancelled or unattempted.
If you still want a Return Pickup, please reinitiate a fresh return once the existing
            request is cancelled. To do so -
Go to
Returns Centre.
Select the item that you have scheduled for return.

request is cancelled. To do so -
Go to
Returns Centre.
Select the item that you have scheduled for return.
Select Cancel Return to reschedule your pickup, make changes to your return or choose
                  to no longer want to return the product.
For a more detailed guidance on scheduling a return, visit the Help page:
How to schedule a Return
.
Self-Ship Guidelines
In case return pick-up is not available, you can self-ship the item using any courier
               of your choice that has package tracking capabilities. You will need the following
               return documentation to initiate return.
A copy of invoice highlighting the items being returned (place it inside the return
                        package);
Declaration of item details, value and return reason (paste on the return package);
                        and
A return label with Amazon tracking barcode (paste on the return package).
Note:

and
A return label with Amazon tracking barcode (paste on the return package).
Note:
If you do not have a printer, you can also hand-write the declaration and return address
                     (generated in the
Returns Centre
) and use the original invoice or a copy, highlighting the items being returned.
To ensure we can provide a full refund of your shipping expenses, we encourage to
                        use standard return shipping options. While we want to make returns as convenient
                        as possible, we may not be able to fully reimburse costs for premium or expedited
                        shipping services, as these exceed our standard return cost thresholds
Return shipping charges will be refunded in accordance with
Amazon.in refund policy
.
Useful Links
How to Schedule a Return
Return Pick-up issues
Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product FAQs
FAQs about Returns and Replacement
Amazon.in Return Policy
