# Amazon.in Replacement Policy

Amazon.in Replacement Policy
Information on replacement eligibility, timelines and other terms & conditions for
            items purchased on Amazon.in.
Disclaimer:
In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over
         the translation.
Fulfilled by Amazon items, Prime eligible items and few Seller Fulfilled items can
            be replaced at no extra cost through our Online Returns Centre provided the following
            conditions are met.
Which items are eligible for a Free Replacement?
Fulfilled by Amazon items, Prime eligible items and few Seller Fulfilled items are
         eligible for free replacements. If an eligible item is out of stock from the same
         seller, it cannot be replaced. Only a refund against the returned item will be issued.
What are the conditions for Free Replacement
?
Items within return window and in stock (exact same item) with same seller are eligible

What are the conditions for Free Replacement
?
Items within return window and in stock (exact same item) with same seller are eligible
         for free replacement. The free replacement order will be shipped through standard
         shipping once the original order is returned. Free replacements can be requested if
         the following conditions apply:
Item received is physically damaged;
Item received has missing parts or accessories;
Item received is different from their description on the product detail page on Amazon.in
                     or
Item received is defective/does not work properly.
Note:
A free replacement cannot be created for an item which was returned and replaced
                     once earlier.
If the item has missing parts or accessories, you may try to contact the manufacturer
                     for assistance. Manufacturer contact information can usually be found on the item
                     packaging or in the paperwork included with the item.

packaging or in the paperwork included with the item.
If your item is not eligible for free replacement due to any reason, you can always
                     return it for a refund.
If your item is "Seller-Fulfilled," A replacement can only be created if the product
                     is available with the same seller. In case the product is not available with the same
                     seller, please "Contact Seller" from "Your Orders" to request a refund.
Quick Solutions
Check the status of your refund
Refund timelines
Manage your returns
View order history and track your package
FAQs: Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product
How to return items
Return pick-up issues
