# Amazon.in Refund Policy

Amazon.in Refund Policy
Information on refund methods, timelines and other terms & conditions for items purchased
            on Amazon.in.
To view in your preferred language, locate the
country flag
on top banner and use the drop down to select the language.
Disclaimer:
In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over
            the translation.
Table of Contents
Refund Timelines
Refund for Pay on Delivery Orders
Paper cheque clearing
Amazon Pay Later Refunds
Refunds for products purchased with EMI plans
Shipping Cost Refunds
A refund will be initiated for your returned or cancelled orders, once the returned
            package is received by Amazon. Refund requests are processed by Amazon within 13 days
            of successful pickup. A refund is issued to the original payment method (in case of
            pre-paid transactions) or to your bank account / as Amazon Pay balance (in case of

pre-paid transactions) or to your bank account / as Amazon Pay balance (in case of
            Pay on Delivery orders). Refer to the table below to know about time taken for refund
            to be processed, after Amazon has initiated the refund request.
Refund Timelines:
The refund time period for different modes of payments is provided below.

| Available refund method | Refund Time-frame |  |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Amazon Delivered orders (After the return is received by Amazon) | Seller-Fulfilled orders (After seller notifies Amazon of receipt of return) |  |
| Prepaid Orders |  |  |
| Amazon Pay Balance* | Up to 4 hours |  |
| Credit Card/ Debit Card | Up to 5 Working Days | Up to 5 Working Days |
| Net Banking Account (Credited to Bank Account) |  |  |
| UPI Linked Bank Account | Up to 5 Working Days |  |
| Pay on Delivery Orders |  |  |
| NEFT to Bank Account | Up to 5 Working Days | Up to 5 Working Days |
| Amazon Pay Balance* | Up to 4 hours |  |

| Paper Cheque | Up to 10 Working Days |  |
*Amazon Pay balance is a sum of all balances associated with Amazon Gift Cards in
            your Amazon.in account. Amazon Gift Cards are issued by Pine labs Private Limited
            under the brand name of Qwikcilver and are subject to the
Amazon Gift Card Terms and Conditions
.
If the standard time-frame as mentioned in the above table has expired and you have
            still not received the refund, please contact your credit or debit card issuer or
            your bank for more information. Refunds will not be processed in cash. Refunds can
            be processed via paper cheque only in exceptional cases.
If Credit/Debit card that was used to place the order is no longer active or is expired,
            please
contact us
for assistance.
Note:
International customers would need to reach out to our Customer Service team to get

please
contact us
for assistance.
Note:
International customers would need to reach out to our Customer Service team to get
            refunds for their purchase. The refund would be made to the original payment method/instrument
            used to make the initial purchase.
Please note that the refund is initiated by Amazon only once the item is picked up
                     and reaches our Fulfilment Center. Please read our
Returns Policy
for more details.
If you haven't received your refund within the time frames mentioned above, please
                     reach out to your bank with RRN (Refund Reference Number) displayed in the
Refunds
section in the
Transactions
history.
For Seller-Fulfilled orders:
For damaged/ defective items, the seller will issue a refund if the item cannot be
                  repaired or replaced.
In any case where a refund is required, the seller(s) need to authorise that refund.

repaired or replaced.
In any case where a refund is required, the seller(s) need to authorise that refund.
                  Amazon.in can assist in facilitating refunds for you only when the seller notifies
                  us of the receipt of the item. Once the seller notifies us of the receipt of the return
                  item, the above refund time period will apply for processing refunds.
Refund for Pay on Delivery Orders:
For Pay on Delivery orders, refunds will be processed either to your bank account
            (via National Electronic Funds Transfer (NEFT)) or Amazon account (as Amazon Pay balance).
If you wish to receive the Pay on Delivery order's refund to your bank account, you
               can update the details of the bank account in Your Account section or from the Returns
               Centre when you are returning an item.
To add your bank account through mobile app

Centre when you are returning an item.
To add your bank account through mobile app
,Go to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select Return or Replace items
                        option > Select 'Refund to your bank account' > Select 'Choose a bank account' > Select
                        'Add a new bank account', and enter your bank account details.
To add your bank account through website
,Go to Orders > Click on the order you want to return > Select go to Return or Replacement
                        items option > Select 'Refund to your bank account' > Select 'Choose a bank account'
                        > Select 'Add a new bank account', and enter your bank account details.
Note:
Refunds cannot be processed to third-party accounts. The name on your Amazon account
            should match with the name of the bank account holder.
Paper cheque clearing
All cheque refunds will be in form of "at par" Deutsche Bank cheques. All Deutsche

Paper cheque clearing
All cheque refunds will be in form of "at par" Deutsche Bank cheques. All Deutsche
            Bank cheques are cleared locally in the following cities:

| Ahmedabad | Delhi | Ludhiana | Pune |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Aurangabad | Gurgaon | Moradabad | Salem |
| Bangalore | Kolhapur | Mumbai | Surat |

| Chennai | Kolkata | Noida | Vellore |
If you plan to present the cheque in person in any other city, ensure that your beneficiary
            bank sends the cheque for outstation clearing.
In case you plan to drop your cheque in a clearance box, please note the following:
If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any of the above cities, use
                  the box marked Local Cheques.
If you are dropping the cheque in a clearance box in any other city, use the box
                  marked Outstation Cheques.
Failing to follow the above instructions might result in the cheque not being processed
            and a penalty being levied by the bank.
Note:
Once a cheque is issued, Amazon will send you an e-mail with the tracking details
            of the refund cheque within 4 business days from the date of refund.
Amazon Pay Later Refunds
If you have not paid any installment for the returned product, then on returning,

Amazon Pay Later Refunds
If you have not paid any installment for the returned product, then on returning,
                        we will credit your Amazon Pay Later limit with the total order value.
If you've already made a payment, we will credit the amount back to your bank account,
                        along with reinstating your credit limit.
Visit
Amazon Pay later help page
to learn more
Refunds for products purchased with EMI plans
If you've already paid an EMI, the amount paid as EMI will be refunded to your credit
            card and the loan will be cancelled. Visit
Easy Monthly Installments (EMI) Help Page
to learn more.
Note:
For more details about your EMI closure
Bajaj Finserv (BFL Card): Contact Bajaj Finserv for details about EMI closure. You
                     can also write to BFL on
wecare@bajajfinserv.in
Any other credit card: Contact the card issuing bank for details on EMI closure. Your

wecare@bajajfinserv.in
Any other credit card: Contact the card issuing bank for details on EMI closure. Your
                     card issuing bank may charge nominal pre-closure charges in case you've already paid
                     an EMI.
Shipping Cost Refunds
For Fulfilled by Amazon and Prime Eligible items, return shipping costs of upto Rs.100
                        will be refunded. The cost of gift-wrapping will also be refunded, if any. All such
                        refunds will be issued to your Amazon Pay Balance.
Note
:If you incur return shipping charges over Rs.100 for returning large and heavy items,
                           you can contact us for an additional refund. For refund of such additional charges,
                           proof of payment, like a courier receipt needs to be submitted.
If you're returning a Seller-Fulfilled item, you can request the seller to reimburse

If you're returning a Seller-Fulfilled item, you can request the seller to reimburse
                        the return shipping charges you incurred. In such cases, a seller might ask you to
                        provide the courier receipt.
Note:
The seller will not refund the shipping cost incurred in case of remorse returns.
Quick Solutions
Check the status of your refund
Manage your returns
FAQs: Damaged, Defective or Wrong Product
Package shows delivered but not received
FAQs on Refunds
View order history and track your package
How to return items
Return pick-up issues
